detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime film called drive
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
a man donning a silk white jacket stands
in the dark
a large embroidery of a golden scorpion
streaks across the back of his jacket
the man is a hollywood stunt driver and
he moonlights as a getaway driver for
criminals
over the phone the driver starts going
over his terms with a client
he gives them five minutes to complete a
robbery if anything goes wrong before or
after those 5 minutes then the driver
will leave and they'll be on their own
he hangs up and leaves his cell phone in
his hotel room
he gets ready and picks up a car from
his friend shannon who runs an auto shop
he goes to meet his clients by a gate
then sets his watch to five minutes
there are two men clad in balaclavas and
they proceed to go in to steal the money
as the driver turns the police radio on
while simultaneously listening to a live
basketball game on another radio
one of the robbers hauls a bag of money
with him as he gets in the driver's car
while the second robber is lagging
behind
the police have already been notified of
the gunshots and are on the way to their
location
the clock is ticking the driver's five
minutes are almost up
finally the second man comes in and the
driver jets off a police car passes in
the distance so the driver parks the car
and turns off the lights
both robbers take off their masks then
let out a nervous breath
the driver waits he lets the cop car
pass before finally proceeding
they drive on and start following behind
the police car
after a while they turn to another road
leaving the cop car behind
on their way they encounter a helicopter
hovering above with a searchlight
shining down
the driver speeds the car up and makes
an abrupt stop underneath an overpass to
hide and shake the helicopter loose
after the copter leaves they continue it
almost seems like they're in the clear
right until they come face to face with
a cop car on the other end of a
stoplight
they hear the cops on the police radio
eyeing them the tension in the air grows
thick but the driver keeps his cool and
thinks over which move to make
he eventually decides to foot it and
they zoom past the cop car
prompting the cops to give chase a
pursuit ensues and the cops try to catch
up but the driver outmaneuvers them
giving him a huge lead just out of the
cops vision
the driver rushes into the basketball
arena to park there just as a huge crowd
of fans fills up the area
the driver leaves the car takes off his
jacket dons a sports cap
and casually walks away confused and
disoriented
the police struggle to search the place
because of the immense crowd
leaving them effectively thrown off the
driver goes returns to his apartment
building
in the elevator he meets a young and
beautiful woman holding a laundry basket
they watch each other in silence before
walking to their apartment doors which
turn out to be just next to each other's
in the hallway
the following morning the driver goes to
his day job as a stunt driver
he wears a police uniform and the film
crew takes a shot of him doubling over a
car and rolling over
later he gets off work and goes to the
supermarket where he encounters his
neighbor again but this time
she's with her young son after they
finish shopping they go to the
supermarket's parking lot in there
the driver notices that the woman's car
broke down and he decides to help
later the driver the young woman and the
son are in the elevator to their
apartment
the little boy stares at the driver with
an inquisitive look on his face
to which the driver smiles while the
young mother watches them
the driver helps them out with the
grocery bags in their apartment and they
get acquainted with one another
eventually the driver and the woman
irene take a liking to each other
at a place called nino's pizzeria
shannon and a man named ross meet to
discuss a possible loan for a race car
shannon tells ross about how skilled the
driver is and that ross should invest
money in his ability
just then the owner of the restaurant
comes in ross tells shannon he'll think
about his offer on the condition that he
meets the driver first
the following day shannon takes the
driver with him to meet ross
the driver makes laps around a racetrack
while ross watches
impressed with newfound belief in the
driver skill
ross gives shannon both the loan and 70
of their earnings from the circuit
ross introduces himself to the driver
and offers his hand to shake but the
driver doesn't look up
it almost appears like he's
disrespecting ross he calmly removes his
gloves and the driver seems to think
that ross is a dignified man
he hesitates to shake his hand and tells
him that his hands are dirty
ross simply tells him that so are his
alluding to both of their involvement in
criminal acts
at the auto shop the driver is working
on car repairs
just then irene and her son benicio come
up and talk with shannon about their
broken down car
benicio hangs around with the driver
while he's working and shannon suggests
that the driver should take irene and
her son home
the three of them ride on in the late
afternoon sun with irene in the
passenger seat in venicio at the back
it was quiet in the car but the driver
and irene both seem to be happy just
sitting there next to each other
the driver then asks irvine if she
wanted to go see something before they
go home
to which irene said yes to with her
blessing the driver takes the two of
them to see a small
lake they play around together and sit
by the lake covered in the yellows and
oranges of the afternoon sun
back at the apartment the driver carries
benicio to his bed
once left alone in their living room the
driver and irene thank each other for
the wonderful day they
shared finally the driver bit the bullet
and asks irene on a date over the
weekend and irene says yes
from then on the driver spends more time
with both her and benicio
at shannon's auto shop nino and ross
come over to discuss the race with the
driver and shannon
ross feels excited about the new venture
and tells the driver they've got a lot
of money invested in his skills
later that night the driver and irene go
on a date again
irene tells the driver that she received
a message saying that her husband is
coming back from prison in a week
irene throws a party for her husband
when he gets home while the driver
begins to feel bothered about not being
able to see irene and benicio as much
anymore
at the party irene's husband standard
makes a speech about his release
from prison his words are filled with
both regrets about his past actions and
gratitude for the second chance he's
been given
during the party the driver comes out of
his apartment door and sees irene
sitting down on the hallway floor by
herself
just then standard and benicio come out
to talk with the driver and the tension
between the two men builds up
standard stares the driver down while
pretending to be courteous before
eventually going
the driver says goodbye to irene and
leaves he stops at a diner to eat when a
former client approaches him
he offers the driver another job but
with his sour mood he lashes out at the
man
making him leave at the apartment
parking lot the driver encounters two
shifty looking guys on his way to the
elevator
he spots standard bloody and beaten to a
pulp in a corner while benicio is in
hiding
the driver wastes no time in helping him
back to the apartment
standard explains that he refused to do
a job that a guy wanted him to do
leading to two men beating him up it
turns out that he owes them protection
money from when he was in prison
irene later invites the driver for
dinner with her family
while eating standard recounts the story
of how he and irene first met
after spending some time with them and
hearing the story the driver starts
feeling more comfortable around standard
even warming up to him standard in turn
considers him a friend now
the driver decides to help standard
clear his debt by accepting the job
standard mentioned earlier
the two of them meet with a red-headed
woman named blanche and the man who
standard owes
cook as per cook's instruction the
driver
standard and blanche proceed to rob a
pawn shop
the driver winds his watch to five
minutes and waits in his car for
standard and blaunch
just then a suspicious car drives by
next to him at the empty parking lot
launch comes out of the store and into
the car the two of them wait for
standard who's still inside the shop
standard appears from the pawn shop door
and approaches the car
before anyone knew it standard gets shot
by the store owner in the neck and on
his torso three times
with how messy the situation is getting
the driver escapes with blanche
the car next to them gives chase and a
second car appears to join the pursuit
the two pursuers try to get close but
the driver outmaneuvers them both and
succeeds in causing the two cars to
crash
later on the driver takes blanche to a
hotel room then interrogates her about
the second car that appeared
she confesses that cook meant for this
to happen but she didn't know about
anyone getting killed
a few seconds later three men shoot up
their hotel room
blanche gets shot in the head but the
driver reacts quickly to the attackers
then manages to kill them
he asks shannon for help to get his
wounds patched up now in possession of a
large sum of money
the driver understands that he'll be
hunted down by whoever it really belongs
to
the driver eventually tracks down cook
in a strip club
furious about standard's death he
assaults cook with a hammer and breaks
his fingers
he forces him to fess up about whose
money he helped robin cook gives in
he calls nino revealing that he's the
one who owns the money
then gives the phone to the driver he
tells nino to meet him somewhere so he
can give his money back
in turn the driver wants him to leave
him alone back at the apartment
the driver visits irene to tell her
everything that happened with standard
and the money
he asks if she wants to take the money
so the three of them can run away
together
just then the elevator door opens with a
man inside
the driver and irene make their way to
the elevator but when he senses that
they're in danger
the driver pulls irene back he kisses
her before attacking the man which
results in his death
irene moves out of the elevator leaving
the driver alone
now irene has fully realized just what
kind of man the driver is
the driver meets up with shannon he had
no clue how they knew where he lived
shannon explains that he talked to ross
and told him that the driver isn't
interested in the money and that he just
did it for irene
the driver is livid now that irene's put
in clear danger
the driver tells shannon to leave town
and never come back for his own safety
elsewhere cook nino and ross discuss the
situation
ross tells nino he should have taken the
money instead of escalating the conflict
with the driver
suddenly ross murders cook with a
kitchen knife as he's a liability who
can tie nino to the robbery
nina then plans to go for the driver and
shannon next
ross drops by shannon's shop ready to
execute his plan
he talks about how disappointed he is
with the situation that insists that his
hands are tied
he has no choice since he'll be the one
who'll get in trouble if he doesn't set
things straight
after ross shakes shannon's hand he
slits his wrist in one fluid motion to
give his old friend a merciful death
meanwhile the driver has gone and stolen
a rubber mask from the movie set where
he works
he puts it on to hide his identity the
driver tracks down nino in his
restaurant and waits
as nino leaves with his car the driver
stalks him until they reach a deserted
road
the moment the opportunity arose the
driver crashes his car into nino's
causing it to wind around near a cliff
edge the driver positions himself and
rams into the car
effectively sending it flying down the
cliff when the driver sees nino walking
out of his vehicle
he follows him near the shore nino tries
to escape but with the sea behind him
there is nowhere else for nino to go
with no one to save him
nino is taken by the driver and he
drowns him in the waters
later on ross calls the driver and
offers to meet with him
he offers a proposition the driver gives
him the money and ross won't pursue
irene
the driver calls irene before meeting
ross he tells her that being around her
was the best thing that ever happened to
him
when they meet ross reiterates that if
he can get the money back then he won't
harm the girl
he can't however promise him the same
courtesy since he's already caused a lot
of harm
ross warns him that he'll be hunted down
for the rest of his life
after arriving at the parking lot the
two make their way to the trunk of the
car
the driver pulls out the bag of money
and just as he turns around
ross stabs him right in the stomach this
doesn't deter the driver and he manages
to pull ross closer to stab him in his
chest
the driver manages to survive the ordeal
but ross dies his lifeless body right
next to the open bag of cash
with irene and benicio safe the driver
rides on into the night
leaving everything behind subscribe to
watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out
thank you for watching